Time is a thief.
John is a real pig when he eats.
Authority is a chair, it needs legs to stand up.
Her home was a prison.
America is a melting pot.
You are my sunshine.
He is my East and my West, my compass
Your love is an ocean
Life is a mere dream, a fleeting shadow on a cloudy day.
The noise is music to her ears.
My father is a rock.
Time is a dressmaker specializing in alterations.
The streets were a furnace, the sun an executioner.
But my heart is a lonely hunter that hunts on a lonely hill.
The sky is a snotty handkerchief.
Love is an alchemist that can transmute poison into food.
Men's words are bullets that their enemies take up and make use of against them.
Language is a road map of a culture.
Memory is a crazy woman that hoards colored rags and throws away food.
Love is the wild card of existence.
She was fairly certain that life was a fashion show.
The typical teenage boy's room is a disaster area.
The children were roses grown in concrete gardens, beautiful and forlorn.
That woman is the cancer of my dreams and aspirations.
Kisses are the flowers of love in bloom.
Her eyes were fireflies.
John's answer to the problem was just a Band-Aid, not a solution.
The cast on Michael's broken leg was a plaster shackle.
In capitalism, money is the life blood of society and charity is the soul.
The promise between us was a delicate flower.
He pleaded for her forgiveness but Janet's heart was cold iron.
The job fair was a circus and John was a dancing bear.
She was just a trophy to Ricardo, another object to possess.
The child was our lone prayer to an empty sky.
Katie's plan to get into college was a house of cards on a crooked table.
The job interview was a rope ladder dropped from heaven.
Her hair was a flowing golden river streaming down her shoulders.
The computer in the classroom was an old dinosaur.
Laughter is the music of the soul.
David is a worm for what he did to Shelia.
Each blade of grass was a tiny bayonet pointed firmly at our bare feet.
Her hope was a fragile seed.
Words are the weapons with which we wound.
The test was a walk in the park.
They say that scars are the roadmap to the soul.
We are all shadows on the wall of time.
