Time is a menace.
-- Removed proper noun
Authority is like a chair, it needs legs to stand up.
Her home was an enclosed space.
America is a vast nation.
-- Removed pronoun
-- Removed pronoun
The water body south of India is an ocean.
Life is an experience.
The song is music to her ears.
My father is a big man.
My mother is a dressmaker specializing in alterations.
The peon was an executioner.
But my son is a lonely hunter who hunts on a lonely hill.
The cloth on the table is a handkerchief.
Love is a feeling that can transmute poison into food.
Men's words are utterances that their enemies take up and make use of against them.
Language is an indication of a culture.
Memory is a crazy phenomenon.
Love is the secret of existence.
She was fairly certain that life was a thrilling experience.
The typical teenage boy's room is a messy area.
The children were boys grown in concrete gardens, beautiful and forlorn.
That woman is the destroyer of my dreams and aspirations.
Kisses are the symbols of love.
Her eyes were fireflies. --??
John's answer to the problem was just a temporary arrangement, not a solution.
The cast on Michael's broken leg was a painful impediment.
In capitalism, money is the most important component of society and charity is a major requirement.
The promise between us was a delicate one.
The door to Janet's house was cold iron.
The job fair was a travesty and John was a participant in it.
-- Removed pronoun
The Sunday mass was our lone prayer.
Katie's plan to get into college was an example of terrible execution.
The job interview was an opportunity.
Her hair was a flowing golden exhibit of styling.
The animal the bones belonged to was an old dinosaur.
Trance is the music of the soul.
-- Removed proper noun
Each weapon of the army was a bayonet pointed firmly at our base.
Her hope was a fragile emotion.
Swords are the weapons with which we wound.
My program for yesterday was a walk in the park.
They say that scars are marks on the body.
-- Removed pronoun
